Meeting Transcript - Project Alpha Weekly Sync
Date: January 8, 2026
Attendees: Sarah (Project Manager), Mohammed (Developer), Emma (Designer), Michael (QA Lead)

---

Sarah: Good morning everyone. Let's start with the status updates. Mohammed, can you go first?

Mohammed: Sure. I finished the authentication module yesterday. It's working well but I still need to write unit tests. I should have those done by Friday. Also, I noticed some performance issues with the database queries that Emma mentioned last week. I'll look into optimizing those next week.

Sarah: Great progress. Emma, how's the design work going?

Emma: The new dashboard mockups are ready for review. I've uploaded them to Figma. I need feedback from the team by Wednesday so I can finalize the designs before the sprint ends. Also, I've been working on the mobile responsive layouts, but I'm blocked because I need the API specifications from Mohammed.

Mohammed: Oh right, I'll send you the API docs by end of day today.

Sarah: Perfect. Michael, what about testing?

Michael: We found three critical bugs in the payment module during regression testing. I've logged them in Jira - tickets PAY-201, PAY-202, and PAY-203. Mohammed, can you prioritize PAY-201? It's a security issue with the session handling. The other two can wait until next sprint.

Mohammed: I'll take a look at PAY-201 this afternoon.

Sarah: Good. Now, about the client demo scheduled for next Friday - we need to prepare the presentation. Emma, can you create some slides showcasing the new UI? And Michael, please prepare a test report summary.

Emma: Yes, I'll have the slides ready by Wednesday.

Michael: I'll prepare the test report by Thursday.

Sarah: One more thing - the budget review meeting with management is next Monday. I need everyone to submit their time sheets by Friday. Also, we're moving to the new office building starting February 1st, so start packing your things gradually.

Mohammed: Quick question - are we still planning to release version 2.0 by end of January?

Sarah: That's a good point. Based on the current progress, I think we should push it to February 15th to ensure quality. I'll discuss with the stakeholders and confirm by tomorrow.

Emma: That makes sense. Better to delay than release something buggy.

Sarah: Agreed. Alright, any other topics? No? Great, let's wrap up. Next meeting same time next week.

---
End of Meeting

